Microservices guide general update to 3.1 (#16202)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/microservices/net-core-net-framework-containers/official-net-docker-images.md

Since .NET Core 2.1, all the .NET Core images, including for ASP.NET Core are available at Docker Hub at the .NET Core image repository: <https://hub.docker.com/_/microsoft-dotnet-core/>.

Since May 2018, Microsoft images are being [syndicated in the Microsoft Container Registry](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/microsoft-syndicates-container-catalog/). The official catalog is still only available in Docker Hub, and there you'll find the updated address to pull the image.

> Most image repos provide extensive tagging to help you select not just a specific framework version, but also to choose an OS (Linux distro or Windows version).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most image repositories provide extensive tagging to help you select not just a specific framework version, but also to choose an OS (Linux distribution or Windows version).
```

Since .NET Core 2.1, all the .NET Core images, including for ASP.NET Core are available at Docker Hub at the .NET Core image repository: <https://hub.docker.com/_/microsoft-dotnet-core/>.

> Since May 2018, Microsoft images are being [syndicated in the Microsoft Container Registry](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/microsoft-syndicates-container-catalog/). The official catalog is still only available in Docker Hub, and there you'll find the updated address to pull the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since May 2018, Microsoft images are being [syndicated in the Microsoft Container Registry](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/microsoft-syndicates-container-catalog/). The official catalog is still only available in Docker Hub, and there you'll find the updated address to pull the image.
```
